All right, friends, welcome back.
We are going to style up a simple little block quote to make it look nice, and that's about it for
this lesson.
Head back to that code editor, yours.
And what we're going to do is we're going to create a new font family variable.
So right now we're using the entire font family, which is a sans serif or sans serif if you want to,
you know, go that way.
And what we're going to do is going to say Dash Dash Font Dash Sleeve, which is a cerra font and a
colon.
And what we're going to do is we're going to use the system fonts for kind of a font that works for
everybody to just fall back to the system serif style font family.
So go to your browser and then go to System Font Stack dot com and we're gonna use system fonts.
So web fonts lets us hear what fonts were great when most computers only had a handful of good fonts
thanks to font creation and buying by Apple, Microsoft, Google and other folks, most computers have
good, no great fonts installed, and they're a great option if you want to to not load a separate font.
So I like doing this for my websites.
Hamas.
I need a specific font that works best with the brand, but you can just use basic system font stack,
so sont sans serif font family right here, a Sarah Font family here and a modified family.
So just copy this and use that as your font families if you want to use system fonts and have nice looking
fonts.
So we're going to get a serif style font family here.
So instead of copying all this, I'm just going to grab the kind of the value right here and in this
font serif variable paste that in.
And now we've got a kind of serif style font variable that we're going to use.
All right.
So now that we've got the variable in there, we need to head over to our widgets that each HTML and
actually add some markup that we want to style.
So let's just add a little spacer in there to give some space.
And then we're going to do a div with the class of row div in the class of Call Dash, M.D., Dash 12,
the Deb with the class of testimonial wrapper and then a block quote with the class of testimonial inside
of that paragraph tag with, just like, you know, lorem up some or something, that's where the the
quote content goes.
And inside of the bloc quote itself, you can put a site.
Tag and then to say, like James John and then a span tag and inside of that, I'm going to say, close
this man tag, make sure you do that inside of there.
Just going to say like slash student like who they are, you know, or their organization or whatever.
So now we've got some basic markup to work with, which looks like this.
Now we're going to style it up.
Go to our style that CSC and typography somewhere in the typography general area of your styles and
CSC, we're going to select the testimonial tag sorry class.
And we're going to do the font family, VAR Dash, Dash, font serif.
So that's that serif style font family font size is going to be one point eight rim.
On style italic.
Text align center and then line height one point five.
Save it, looking pretty darn good so far.
But I want to change up the site here, so all we got to do with that.
It's a testimonial.
And then site.
This we're going to switch back to the sans serif on family so far, family VAR font sans font weight
is going to be 600 font size, 1.2 ram a little bit smaller and then font style is going to be normal.
We don't want it to be italic.
Pool and I want this student to be a different color than James John.
So like whatever their association is, their company, their position sites span, we've had this ban
tag inside the site tag.
We're going to say color like it to a two to don.
There it is.
That's it.